Hey, my lover, I miss you.
Sing a song.
What's wrong with you?
What about the rest of the song?
I can't sing.
There's a public performance there.
I'll give you a public performance, you little bastard.
Come on, walk.
What are you going to do? You can't stop.
A lot of people will come later.
Everyone will get a thousand.
Don't say anything weird.
What are you going to do?
I want to see a good show.
You're a bad guy.
Let's go.
I'm sorry to say that, but please take care of me.
Don't do it yourself.
What are you talking about?
I can't do it myself.
Come on, come on, come on.
Do it.
You're a bad guy.
Then I'll say it.
Did you get it?
I don't like it.
You're making a dog out of a dog.
Did you get it?
Don't say that.
Come on, try it for a long time.
Come on, come on, come on.
I don't like it.
I can't say that.
I have to say it.
You're a bad guy.
I'll say it.
Come on, come on, come on.
Did you get it?
I got it.
Public performance.
It's not a public performance.
What are you going to do?
You're a bad guy.
Hey.
Stop it.
You always make me angry.
Mr. Omitsu.
Open the door.
Yes.
Is it you?
You.
You're a bad guy.
You drink a lot.
You don't know anything.
That's good.
You always make me angry.
I'm sorry.
I have to say something when I'm cold.
You always say that.
I'm cold and I'm angry.
You always say that I always say that.
I'm so smooth.
What are you talking about?
I'm not going to let you go.
Just tell me what you want.
I'll leave it to you.
Goodbye.
Hey, brother.
Yes?
My son isn't home.
He's not home? He's right there.
He's in the same room as the one in the hotel.
What?
I'm confused too. What's wrong with him?
He was sleeping and he was sitting there.
I pulled him by the collar and...
Oh, I think I fell down.
What's wrong with him?
I don't know.
I'll go check.
No, no. I'll go check.
Wait.
Where did he go?
He was drunk and he was sleeping in the garden.
Oh, that's right.
I'm the one who fell down.
Get out of the way.
I'll put it here.
You're right.
I told you to get angry.
You didn't know, so I took it with me.
You're here again.
I'll pull you by the collar.
You can do it.
You're so clumsy.
Don't say that.
I brought you some honey.
Thank you.
Where did you put it?
In the middle of the four corners.
It was in a crowded place.
I'm glad you didn't pick it up.